feat(config): read config from branches in baseBranches (#12514)
renovatebot/renovate: docs/usage/configuration-options.md

By default, Renovate will attempt to update all detected dependencies, regardless of whether they are defined using pinned single versions (e.g. `1.2.3`) or constraints/ranges (e.g. (`^1.2.3`).
You can set this option to `false` if you wish to disable updating for pinned (single version) dependencies specifically.

## useBaseBranchConfig

By default, Renovate will read config file from the default branch only and will ignore any config files in base branches.

> You can set `useBaseBranchConfig` to 'replace' to force Renovate to override the config file in the default branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set `useBaseBranchConfig` to 'merge' to instruct Renovate to merge the config from each base branch over the top of the config in the default branch.
The config file name in the base branch must be the same as in the default branch.
```

By default, Renovate will attempt to update all detected dependencies, regardless of whether they are defined using pinned single versions (e.g. `1.2.3`) or constraints/ranges (e.g. (`^1.2.3`).
You can set this option to `false` if you wish to disable updating for pinned (single version) dependencies specifically.

## useBaseBranchConfig

By default, Renovate will read config file from the default branch only and will ignore any config files in base branches.
You can configure `useBaseBranchConfig=merge` to instruct Renovate to merge the config from each base branch over the top of the config in the default branch.

> The config file name in the base branch must be the same as in the default branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The config file name in the base branch must be the same as in the default branch and cannot be `package.json`.
```

## useBaseBranchConfig

By default, Renovate will read config file from the default branch only and will ignore any config files in base branches.

> You can set `useBaseBranchConfig` to 'merge' to instruct Renovate to merge the config from each base branch over the top of the config in the default branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure `useBaseBranchConfig=merge` to instruct Renovate to merge the config from each base branch over the top of the config in the default branch.
```
